Oh service over here please good guy
yeah cute he found a parent and he took
one of your books he speaks remember a
little talk no one available in time um
I'm almost 30 you can stop raising me
now you know I found a parrot and I'm
trying to return it to its owner
surprise wait I'll help you with your
parent search oh look who's got made
sure
how awful he is then why did you answer
the ad he's worth a fortune I'll give
you a thousand dollars for him ashley
said it why does everything have to be
such a big deal secret with you he has
no family at all you sure he just
doesn't want you to move from I think
way back like the 1930s that would make
the parrot 80 years old carrots are like
the giant tortoises at the birthworld
calling about the pair of you Oh mrs.
Kowalski back in the 60 were you talking
about it's one I don't believe it he's
still um hi sure you want to do this I'm
here about this parrot believe your
father under mr. Wilson how could that
be
I hope you find what you're looking for
what are you doing just don't bail on
come where to go next being lost is only
temporary
I thank you